Facilitator: Gavin Monroe [AMZN-Gavin]

Meeting Notes: AMZN-Liv

# Agenda
https://github.com/o3de/sig-content/issues/1

## Introductions
*Presenters: Any/all*

Amazon: AMZN Gavin, AMZN Phil, HogJonnyAMZN, Liv[AMZN]

## SIG Charter

*Presenter: Gavin Monroe*

* The charter is posted [here](https://github.com/o3de/sig-content/blob/main/governance/SIG%20Content%20Creation%20Charter.md)

* Five minute reading time following introductions

Discussion notes:
* What are the places that UI-UX would be involved when designing a new system? Are there certain scope of projects that content could own without needing to loop in UI-UX? 
    * Potentially want to get UI-UX involved on any editor-facing decision/change

* The charter currently lists details about specific tools. Does that mean that new systems aren't included (e.g. terrain)? The charter could describe from more framework. 
    *  Overlap with core, presentation 
    *  Refine the charter to include a taxonomy and be more workflow-oriented, rather than focusing on owning individual editor components 
    * Scope of charter should be oriented around the workflows that are owned for content authoring 

* The macro-level workflow is "world building", which a lot of these tools touch

* The purpose of SIG-Content is to advocate for the ability to create worlds, manage objects in games, place objects in the environment, and the workflows around that 

* Anything not in-scope?
    * Potentially - installation and update tool; this might be something better suited to SIG-core 
    * Potentially - python editor controls; it underlies everything, but is lower-level than the workflow 

* Anything missing?
    * Dynamic vegetation and landscape tools
    * Mesh and material components aren't in the list explicitly, but many of the tools are dependent on them
    * Physics - this is a big part of content creation for games. Cross-cutting with another group? 
    * Integrations with third-party DCC tools

* Next steps to iterate on the charter?
    * Collaborate with SIG-Core to clarify some of the overlap and ownership; for early meetings we should have someone go to the next SIG-Core and publish the topic as an agenda
          

## Meeting Cadence    
* We will start with just scheduling a second meeting the week of 7/12

## Actions
[All] Please leave feedback on the charter on this issue: 
https://github.com/o3de/sig-content/issues/2. We are going to aim to have a final draft proposed by 7/23. 

[All] Add any additional thoughts about overlapping responsibilities

[Liv] will attend the next SIG-Core meeting on 6/28 to follow-up on ownership of: installation and update tool; python editor controls; physics 

[Gavin] will schedule the next meeting 

## Ongoing discussions
* Ownership of different areas; we will follow up on this in the next meeting
